Fix link and out-of-date information (#32)
golemfactory/golem-wiki: About/What-is-Golem.md

## Vision
> "With Golem, anyone will be able to rent their unused computing resources. Simultaneously, Golem will enable any user to buy computing time from other users to complete virtually any computationally demanding task. Consequently, Golem will create the first global market for idle computing power. Golem is a decentralized P2P network that uses Ethereum and smart contracts for transactions."

> Our first live use-case was introduced in Brass Beta for **Blender artists** and has been available for some time now, this was followed by our second use-case, [**gWASM**](Products/gWASM/About). Right now there is available Clay Beta that gives programmers access to [**Task API**](https://taskapi.docs.golem.network) that allows them to create their own integrations. If you are a CGI professional scientist, developers, financial market tycoon, cryptocurrency miner or anybody needing to rent our spare computing power to perform tasks - you can join the network as a requestor and start renting computing power. The possibility to develop your own integration straight from the codebase is always open. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our first live use-case was introduced in Brass Beta for **Blender artists** and has been available for some time now, this was followed by our second use-case, [**gWASM**](Products/gWASM/About). Right now there is available Clay Beta that gives programmers access to [**Task API**](https://taskapi.docs.golem.network) that allows them to create their own integrations. If you are a CGI professional scientist, developer, financial market tycoon, cryptocurrency miner or anybody needing to rent our spare computing power to perform tasks - you can join the network as a requestor and start renting computing power. The possibility to develop your own integration straight from the codebase is always open. 
```

#### How Golem will help to build a new Internet of tomorrow

In the future, the Internet will be a truly decentralized network, enabling users to securely and directly exchange content, without third-party involvement. Golem will be used not only to compute specific tasks, but also to bulk-rent machines in order to perform operations within a self-organizing network.

> However, the simultaneous development of other technologies is required. Many of such have gained significant traction in recent years. Better p2p networking technologies are necessary. As the Ethereum network becomes more scalable, more efficient, and layer 2 solution become more functional, Golem is set to be positioned primarily as a platform for services, allowing users to run both small (e.g. a note-taking app) and large (e.g. a streaming service) applications in a decentralized manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the simultaneous development of other technologies is required. Many of such have gained significant traction in recent years. Better p2p networking technologies are necessary. As the Ethereum network becomes more scalable, more efficient, and layer 2 solutions become more functional, Golem is set to be positioned primarily as a platform for services, allowing users to run both small (e.g. a note-taking app) and large (e.g. a streaming service) applications in a decentralized manner.
```

## How Golem works?

> Golem is a p2p network, ie. there is no central server and users are equally privileged. People who want to compute tasks and people who have computer power to rent broadcast their offers in the network. Golem's transaction system matches providers and requestors, taking into account prices, reputations and their machines' performance. Tasks, ie. files needed for computation are sent to the provider's machine. After the computation is completed, the provider's app sends back the results to the requestor's app. If the result passes the verification process, the provider is paid for his work. If someone sends bad results or doesn't pay, or performs any other form of cheating, their reputation will be impacted, therefore their chances of being chosen for tasks will be reduced. If the user wants additional layer of security, there is additional verification solution - [Concent Service](Products/Clay-Beta/Usage?id=concent-service) available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Golem is a p2p network, ie. there is no central server and users are equally privileged. People who want to compute tasks and people who have computer power to rent broadcast their offers in the network. Golem's transaction system matches providers and requestors, taking into account prices, reputations and their machines' performance. Tasks, ie. files needed for computation are sent to the provider's machine. After the computation is completed, the provider's app sends back the results to the requestor's app. If the result passes the verification process, the provider is paid for their work. If someone sends bad results, doesn't pay, or performs in any unacceptable way, their reputation will be impacted, therefore their chances of being chosen for tasks will be reduced. If the user wants an additional layer of security, there is an additional verification solution - [Concent Service](Products/Clay-Beta/Usage?id=concent-service) available.
```
